Create a unified changelog entry for compatibility mode (#3643)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking changes

#### "Compatibility mode" features are no longer supported

> GOV.UK Frontend no longer supports compatibility with legacy frameworks. You can no longer incrementally add GOV.UK Frontend to an existing service using a previous GOV.UK framework. We have removed the following Sass variables and one mixin which controlled compatibility mode:

Reviewer: What's a legacy framework? 🤷‍♂️

It's been so long since we told people to migrate, should we spell it out and link here?
https://frontend.design-system.service.gov.uk/migrating-from-legacy-products/

```suggestion
GOV.UK Frontend no longer supports compatibility with our old frameworks, GOV.UK Elements, GOV.UK Template and GOV.UK Frontend Toolkit. You can no longer incrementally add GOV.UK Frontend to an existing service using a previous GOV.UK framework. We have removed the following Sass variables and one mixin which controlled compatibility mode:
```

Reviewer: We fondly call them "our old frameworks" rather than _legacy_

Author: I was so sure we called them "legacy frameworks" 🤔 I'll amend. I think it's a good idea to link to that page but I'm not sure how the docs split work is going to impact the freshness of that URL. We should be cognisant of this and maybe return to this changelog item later.

- `$govuk-compatibility-govukelements`
- `$govuk-compatibility-govuktemplate`
- `$govuk-compatibility-govukfrontendtoolkit`
- The `compatibility-mode` mixin which automatically checked if any of the 3 control variables were set to `true`

> We have additionally removed features that were managed via the above variables. The following features and their corresponding variables have now been removed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have additionally removed features that were managed using the above variables. The following features and their corresponding variables have now been removed:
```

Reviewer 2: not using 'via' is a style/accessibility thing - however I see no problem in keeping it, if using it provides the most accurate sentence.
